WordPress on lamp on sles: pronoun consistency, clean up awkward sentences (#227)
SUSE/suse-best-practices: adoc/TRD-wordpress-on-lamp-on-sles.adoc

The https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LAMP_(software_bundle)[LAMP] stack, while simple, is *ubiquitous*. 
Its popularity in demos and tutorials all over the Internet to introduce a new concept or explain a complex one is like no other. 
This guide details how to install and configure https://mariadb.org/[MariaDB], https://httpd.apache.org/[Apache], https://www.php.net/[PHP] on https://www.suse.com/products/server/[{sles}] to compose the https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LAMP_(software_bundle)[LAMP] stack. 

> To demonstrate your LAMP stack is functional, you will install and configure https://wordpress.com[WordPress] to use the stack. 
> The audience is expected to have a basic familiarity of Linux and be comfortable using the command line interface. 
> The result is not intended for production scenarios but rather for *workshops* or *demos*.

Reviewer: Having a consistency regarding the use of "you" (this is how we usually approach the reader for direct instructions, steps, procedures) and "we" or neutral speech is of course good and right. However, this paragraph is an introductory paragraph, which gives an overview of the next "actions". Thus it would be appropriate to use "we" - above all as in the next sentence follows a sentence with indirect speech: "The audience is expected ...". To make the overview consistent, my suggestion is to change it to the following: 

```suggestion
To demonstrate the LAMP stack is functional, in this section https://wordpress.com[WordPress] will be installed and configured to use the stack. The audience is expected to have a basic familiarity of Linux and be comfortable using the command line interface.
```

== Installing and configuring the components

=== Setting up MariaDB

> Start with the MariaDB installation. This includes verifying a successful installation, starting up MariaDB, and creating a database along with a associated user for WordPress to use. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Start with the MariaDB installation. This includes verifying a successful installation, starting up MariaDB, and creating a database along with an associated user for WordPress to use. 
```

----
+

> For example:

Reviewer: We work with complete sentences. "For example:" as it is used here is not a complete sentence. Thus I had used "See an example below". We can also change that to "Find a concrete/practicable example below/here". Of course I am open to better suggestions. But we need an entire sentence here.

```suggestion
Find a practicable example here:
```

----
+

> For example:

Reviewer: See above. "For example" is not a complete sentence 

```suggestion
Find a practicable example here:
```

exit
+

> For example:

Reviewer: See above. "For example" is not a complete sentence.

```suggestion
Find a practicable example here:
```

----
+

> For example:

Reviewer: See above.

```suggestion
Find a practicable example here:
```

systemctl start apache2
----

> . Open a browser with your server IP or hostname at http://`hostname`. If the installation was successful, you should be presented with the WordPress installation page. 

Reviewer: SUSE Style Guide says "host name" (no matter if in the command then you have `hostname`)

```suggestion
. Open a browser with your server IP or host name at http://`hostname`. 
```

----
+

> For example:

Reviewer: See above. This is not a complete sentence.

```suggestion
Find a practicable example here:
```

----
+

> For example:

Reviewer: See above. This is not a complete sentence.

```suggestion
Find a practicable example here:
```

=== Debugging WordPress

> . If you need to diagnose why a WordPress page will not load, it can insightful to enable WordPress debugging.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. If you need to diagnose why a WordPress page will not load, it can be insightful to enable WordPress debugging.
```
